So let's teach John how to use git/github. Type everything I say, John.
Including this. Remember, it's important to type everything. Press return. No, John, press the enter key, twice.


I'll be taking this Step-by-step. What better way to learn than by doing while someone barks orders at you, and demands you type everything he says verbatim, haha. No, don't type haha. Forget it.

First, John, tell me what I've had you do so far. Don't leave out any step please. Including terminal commands. This is for your reference, these are your notes. 

	Thanks, Joe. Asshole.

    I created a local git folder with terminal by running
     $ git init FolderName

    I moved to the new foler
     $ cd FolderName

    Then I created a readme file in the folder, from terminal
     $ gedit README

    And now I'm typing dumb stuff

Thanks John. You're swell. We really should have started with installing and setting up git, but it's easy enough... Press Ctrl+S
to save and go back the the terminal.

And we're back! You're up John.

	Joe really is having me type everything he says. Damn it!
	I asked him to show me, not make me into a project!
	Anyway, first I created another file with Sublime Text 
	called HelloWorld.c
	 $ st HelloWorld.c

	Joe told me to mention st is an alias, and won't open Sublime
	unless you create it. So I typed out the program and saved.


		#include<stdio.h>
		int main()
		{
		printf("hello world");
		return 0;
		}

	Sublime Text is soooooo much nicer than gedit, I might add.
	Then I added both files to what he calls the "get queue, 
	which Joe says is important. We'll see.

Don't get mouthy. I have write access to this little project, and I can
make you look like a... something bad!

	ANYWAY, I used git add to make the queue.
	 $ git add README
	 $ git add HelloWorld.c

	 I was instructed to mention that this tells get what all
	 is in the project, and what to upload.

Alright John, so far, so good. Now to commit changes... just type git commit, 
you can add -m "note" to add a note, which should describe the note. Save, then go to terminal.




